fix(css): improved exericse (#53)
neuefische/web-exercises: sessions/css-basics/social-card/readme.md

> # CSS Basics: Challenges

Reviewer: I like the outsourcing of the exercise to a readme file. I would prefer the file to be named in all uppercase letters `README.md` as it would stand out more and also follow the conventions for GitHub projects.

## Social Card

Your task is to recreate the following social card.
![social card example](./assets/social-card.png)

> - [ ] Link to the styles.css stylesheet in the head of the
>       index.html file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Link to the `styles.css` style sheet in the head of the `index.html` file.
```

- [ ] Style all elements on the page to recreate these social card styles.
- [ ] Use class selectors to target the correct elements.

> - [ ] Find a fitting font on fonts.google.com and [import it into your project](#styling-fonts).

Reviewer: The `#styling-fonts` link doesn't link anywhere. Why not add a link to an article?
```suggestion
- [ ] Find a fitting font on fonts.google.com and [import it into your project](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/css-using-google-fonts).
```
